[Feat] Enable variant argument inside `Container` (#1002)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/docs/pages/user-guides/container.md

Reviewer: Please can you read through this page and update other bits where appropriate? 🙏 Here's two cases I saw just skimming through:

> While there is currently no clear difference in rendering, extra functionality will be added to the `Container` soon (including controls specific to that container), enhancing the ability to manage related components.

Maybe worth mentioning possibility of styling the background here.

```
Here are a few cases where you might want to use a `Container` instead of `Page.layout`
```

Definitely add to this list.

Maybe also worth skimming through the page on layouts to see if we should mention it there when we link people towards this page on `Container`.

Author: Thanks! Updated ✅

This guide shows you how to use containers to group your components into sections and subsections within the page.

A [Container][vizro.models.Container] complements a [Page][vizro.models.Page], and both models share nearly identical arguments. While `Page.layout` provides a method for structuring the overall page layout, a `Container` offers more detailed control within a particular section of the page.

> Unlike the `Page.layout`, the `Container` includes a `theme` argument, allowing you to choose from predefined styles to visually distinguish it from the rest of the page content. Additional functionality will soon be added to the Container, including controls specific to it, which will further enhance the management of related components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike `Page`, the `Container` includes a `theme` argument. This enables you to choose a style for your container to visually distinguish it from the rest of the page content. Additional functionality will soon be added to the Container, including controls specific to it, which will further enhance the management of related components.
```

To create nested containers, add a `Container` to the `components` argument of another `Container`.

```python title="Example"
vm.Container(
    title="Parent Container",
    components=[
        vm.Container(
            title="Child Container",
            components=[vm.Button()],
        )
    ],
)
```

## Styled containers

To make the `Container` stand out as a distinct section in your dashboard, you can select from the predefined styles available in its `theme` argument.

!!! example "Container with visual distinction"
    === "app.py"
        ```{.python pycafe-link}
        import vizro.models as vm
        import vizro.plotly.express as px
        from vizro import Vizro

        iris = px.data.iris()

        page = vm.Page(

>             title="Container with background color",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            title="Containers with different styles",
```

            layout=vm.Layout(grid=[[0, 1]]),
            components=[
                vm.Container(

>                     title="Container I",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    title="Container with background color",
```

                    components=[vm.Graph(figure=px.scatter(iris, x="sepal_width", y="sepal_length", color="species"))],
                    theme="filled"
                ),
                vm.Container(
                    title="Container with borders",
                    components=[vm.Graph(figure=px.box(iris, x="species", y="sepal_length", color="species"))],
                    theme="outlined"
                )
            ],
        )

        dashboard = vm.Dashboard(pages=[page])
        Vizro().build(dashboard).run()
        ```

    === "app.yaml"
        ```yaml
        # Still requires a .py to add data to the data manager and parse YAML configuration
        # See yaml_version example
        pages:

>           - title: Container with visual distinction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          - title: Containers with different styles
```

> vm.Container(title="Parent Container", components=[vm.Container(title="Child Container", components=[vm.Button()])])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
vm.Container(
    title="Parent Container",
    components=[
        vm.Container(
            title="Child Container",
            components=[vm.Button()],
        )
    ]
)
```

This in one line at the moment makes it way too hard to understand the structure of the nested contains.
